TASK DESCRIPTION

Write an application simulating a simplified process of ordering/paying in a certain car rental company that 
rents cars by the kilometers.

The company offers various types of cars, each with its own make/model and type 
(e.g., passenger, delivery, vintage, etc.). Cars can be ordered for a specified distance 
(not exceeding a given limit) measured in kilometers. Rental prices are listed in a price list. 
The price list can be modified at any time.

Customers, upon registration, receive identifiers and declare the amount of money they want to spend on 
rentals. Customers may (but do not have to) have a subscription with the company. Customers choose cars and 
place them on their so-called wish list. Then, possibly after some time, to finalize the order, they transfer 
the cars to the cart (after clearing it first) and pay for its contents. Each customer can have only one 
wish list and one cart. Customers can pay by card or bank transfer. After payment, the customer has the option
 to return (only from the last transaction) part or all of the unused kilometers.

Important notes:
- There may be cars that do not have a price in the price list; in such cases, when transferring from the 
  wish list to the cart, they are not removed from the wish list and do not enter the cart.
- Some cars have different prices depending on the number of kilometers ordered.
- If the customer does not have enough money for the entire cart's contents, they may be able to pay for part
  of the cart, provided that the paid amount (for a given car) is a multiple of the car's price per kilometer 
  (according to the price list). In such a case, the application will decide which cars/kilometers to pay for.
- When paying by credit card, the customer will pay an additional 1% fee.
- When returning cars/kilometers from the last transaction, the application should refund the customer the 
  appropriate amount of money, taking into account the actual kilometers not returned 
  (according to the price list). The fee is non-refundable.
- Defining an appropriate `toString()` method in certain classes is mandatory.